/* groupOTP log



Version 2       It's here--for all your terrorist needs!   This version utilizes
                the existing key style and option 4 eats half the RAM of OTP--my
                regular One-time pad. Requires only 256MB of RAM.  Option 3 also
                now requires half of what it used to--eating only  3.2MB of RAM.
                And of course, encrypt/decrypt eats about  100KB  of RAM.  There
                was once an  option  5--burn keys,  but I think it's a bad idea.
                First of all, read my FAQ on data protection. If a user is about
                to be compromised, their keys should be wiped just in case.  And
                this should be done using  a  GNU+Linux  OS   installer with the
                encryption of entire drive--as it overwrites the drive before an
                install, consuming about 1 hour and may shutdown the machine due
                to the HDD overheating (I had that.) Reason to burn: keys cannot
                be used to decrypt messages from other  team members.   Entering
                your machine to do that via  option 5  (if it was here)  weakens
                your physical security. In such an emergency situation,   do NOT
                decrypt your encrypted HDD, burn it using a 32 Devuan installer.
                groupOTP can replace OTP, however, OTP is a bit easier to audit.
                No merging and no forced functionality!  Just modular features--
                why tug miles of rope just to undo a single knot?  And remember,
                if you're effective, forget the  internet and  all communication
                where data is not limited to equipment boundaries.  If you must,
                isolate the machine used to encrypt and decrypt. You may give it
                input by observing text and inputting it manually, one character
                at a time. And for  outgoing  ciphertext--observe  and enter the
                ciphertext on another machine that IS connected to some network.
                Alternatively,  RICIN  will be available to automate  just that.
                (Restricted Interface Computation Isolation Network.)
                Wednesday, February 03 2021

Version 1       Never officially released. Cool but spaghettified.
                Monday, February 01 2021 */
